Teaser block docs (#4461)
plone/volto: docs/source/blocks/blocks-core/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: I would like to rename this new directory to avoid repetition, as well as the references to it.

`docs/source/blocks/core/`

Author: Done

myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description": "Volto provides stock core blocks out of the box"

Reviewer: "stock" and "out of the box" are the same thing. Keep it DRY.

```suggestion
    "description": "Core blocks provided in Volto by default"
```

>     "property=og:description": "Volto provides stock core blocks out of the box"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:description": "Core blocks provided in Volto by default"
```

>     "property=og:title": "Blocks"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:title": "Core blocks provided in Volto by default"
```

>     "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, blocks"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, blocks, default, core"
```

---

# Core Blocks developer notes

> 

Reviewer: We should have a brief introduction here, even if it is just:

```suggestion

This part of the documentation describes how to develop the core blocks in Volto.

```
